DOCSUP-2966: Update the INSERT INTO statement (#16404)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/insert-into.md

INSERT INTO [db.]table [(c1, c2, c3)] VALUES (v11, v12, v13), (v21, v22, v23), ...
```

You can specify a list of columns to insert using  the `(c1, c2, c3)` or `COLUMNS(c1,c2,c3)` syntax. 

> Insert statements can have asterisk with column transformers in the column list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use asterisk when specifying the column list.
```

> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, consider the table:
```

``` sql

> SHOW CREATE [db.]table

Reviewer: This example doesn't work. I mentioned in one of previous reviews. Both the rest examples too.

INSERT INTO [db.]table [(c1, c2, c3)] VALUES (v11, v12, v13), (v21, v22, v23), ...
```

> You can specify a list of columns to insert using  the `(c1, c2, c3)` or `COLUMNS(c1,c2,c3)` syntax. 
> You can use asterisk when specifying the column list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a list of columns to insert using  the `(c1, c2, c3)` or `COLUMNS(c1,c2,c3)` syntax. 

Instead of listing all the required columns you can use the `(* EXCEPT(column_list))` syntax.
```

For example, consider the table:

``` sql
SHOW CREATE insert_select_testtable
```

```
┌─statement────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│ CREATE TABLE insert_select_testtable
(
    `a` Int8,
    `b` String,
    `c` Int8
)
ENGINE = MergeTree()
ORDER BY a
SETTINGS index_granularity = 8192 │
└──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

``` sql
INSERT INTO insert_select_testtable (*) VALUES (1, 'a', 1) 
```

If you want to insert data in all the columns, except 'b', you need to pass so many values how many columns you chose in parenthesis then:

``` sql
INSERT INTO insert_select_testtable (* EXCEPT(b)) Values (2, 2)
```

``` sql
SELECT * FROM insert_select_testtable
```

```
┌─a─┬─b─┬─c─┐
│ 2 │   │ 2 │
└───┴───┴───┘
┌─a─┬─b─┬─c─┐
│ 1 │ a │ 1 │
└───┴───┴───┘
```
 

> In this example, we see that the second inserted row has a and c columns filled by values, and b filled with value by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we see that the second inserted row has `a` and `c` columns filled by the passed values, and `b` filled with value by default.
```

INSERT INTO [db.]table [(c1, c2, c3)] VALUES (v11, v12, v13), (v21, v22, v23), ...
```

You can specify a list of columns to insert using  the `(c1, c2, c3)` or `COLUMNS(c1,c2,c3)` syntax. 

Instead of listing all the required columns you can use the `(* EXCEPT(column_list))` syntax.

For example, consider the table:

``` sql

> SHOW CREATE insert_select_testtable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SHOW CREATE insert_select_testtable;
```

```

```
┌─statement────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│ CREATE TABLE insert_select_testtable
(
    `a` Int8,
    `b` String,
    `c` Int8
)
ENGINE = MergeTree()
ORDER BY a
SETTINGS index_granularity = 8192 │
└──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

``` sql

> INSERT INTO insert_select_testtable (*) VALUES (1, 'a', 1) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INSERT INTO insert_select_testtable (*) VALUES (1, 'a', 1) ;
```

```

If you want to insert data in all the columns, except 'b', you need to pass so many values how many columns you chose in parenthesis then:

``` sql

> INSERT INTO insert_select_testtable (* EXCEPT(b)) Values (2, 2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INSERT INTO insert_select_testtable (* EXCEPT(b)) Values (2, 2);
```

```

``` sql

> SELECT * FROM insert_select_testtable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SELECT * FROM insert_select_testtable;
```
